Oh
hello once again i'm martin Tyler and
this is anfield
well today Liverpool lock horns I think
that's the best way to say head-to-head
with Manchester United great rivalry oh
yeah definitely and although manchester
united above the lion share of success
in terms of Premier League titles
Liverpool usually duvets the game for
this one
just United heading they first half
under way
we're slowly teammates arriving for the
cross
into his face
brilliant opening he's blocked it there
and that's a quarter for Manchester
United
and they've lost possession now
nicely done between the two of them
and he goes for gold with his head
always hid it very true yeah stop target
Charlie Adam down
good pass
here he is with a chance he hasn't dealt
with the danger totally
and it could be from that just united
with these footballs you've got to hit
them right in the sweet spot and he
certainly did at that time no I didn't
need modeled on towards the goalkeepers
employer this is Anderson
I just United haven't made an impact on
the game at all yet Anderson here
michael carrick quick ball good
challenge to get the ball again
Manchester United chance and a go into
the bottom corner
it's a goal and it's a superb one or how
many players have they got capable of
scoring too many for the opposition
where you have to hand it to him what a
lovely first touch that was he had to
get it spot-on and he did just that and
one of them to finishing this is
Anderson
Rudy
so it's one nil here as the hard time
whistle go
and the referee blows he started the
second half here at Anfield
nanny curry is always wanting to take
players off could pour wordplay crossed
in by ruining and he's headed it goes
the clothes back into play any went for
the slide tackle he's taking his team's
life into his own right foot then
keeping the ball just looking for an
opportunity maybe to cook him the tempo
and get in at goal and the opponent's
come in strongly this is Anderson hoots
it going with a pass
this is the charms had my rain a
beautiful stock that will be a corner
for United
this is a key moment for the manager he
knows he's got the lead he's now going
to do his best to time retain that
just cut it out probably just in the
nick of time
good ball Ringo keep it might be needed
again no
skirt
Martin Kelly Gerard
Lucas
and we swat us
downing
nearly sweaters
extra pass it here and in comes the
header well that would have been the
equalizing Wayne Rooney
ryan giggs
get it back here for the official is
signal just one more minute of added
time
and with a chance superb save again well
the reactions their reflexes were
absolutely topless hello day for
Manchester United
let it go
caps a great performance that got no way
back there hasn't been for quite some
time for the losing team now it's 2-nil
Lucas
Martin Kelly
Lucas he is the master passer in this
team and the others are taking the cue
from him well a reasonable gap between
the two teams as the referee brings an
end to the game the finals gone to nil